Update README.md (#12)
reboot-dev/resemble-hello-world: README.md

<br>
(Right-Click to open in new tab or window)

> If you haven't [set your default editor to VSCode for codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-editor-for-github-codespaces), then the above link will end up opening VSCode in the browser. You can close that browser tab because _YOU MUST_ [open the existing codespace](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/opening-an-existing-codespace?tool=vscode) using the VSCode on your machine. You can also go to [https://github.com/codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces) and click the three dots next to the codespace you just created and then click `Open in ...` then `Open in Visual Studio Code`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you haven't [set your default editor to VSCode for codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/customizing-your-codespace/setting-your-default-editor-for-github-codespaces), then the 'Open in GitHub Codespaces' button above will end up opening VSCode in the browser. You can close that browser tab because _YOU MUST_ [open the existing codespace](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/developing-in-codespaces/opening-an-existing-codespace?tool=vscode) using the VSCode on your machine. You can also go to [https://github.com/codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces) and click the three dots next to the codespace you just created and then click `Open in ...` then `Open in Visual Studio Code`.
```
